---
layout: post
title: "De Schijvenaer"
date: 2005-07-06 21:40:22 +0200
---
<p>Over the last few months I spent some time on a website for a colleague of my father. They started a mini camping this year and wanted a nice website.</p> 	<p>So I started off once again on a job I never wanted to do again: Creating a website for a broad public (i.e. mostly Internet Explorer users). Having had some annoying experiences two years ago with the <a href="http://www.spacelabs.nl/">Spacelabs</a> RGE project, I almost swore never again to write a site with IE in mind. However, something changed in the last two years. It was not the browser, it was not the <span class="caps">XHTML</span> and <span class="caps">CSS</span> standards, it was me. Two years ago terms like &#8220;semantic <span class="caps">HTML</span>&#8221; were mostly unknown to me and sites were written in some form of <span class="caps">XHTML</span> abusing the beautiful table-tag.</p> 	<p>Enter 2004 and the <a href="http://www.csszengarden.com/"><span class="caps">CSS</span> Zen Garden</a> which is a site demonstrating the possibilities of what can be achieved visually through <span class="caps">CSS</span>. The site exists in a multitude of <span class="caps">CSS</span> files, but only one single <span class="caps">XHTML</span> file, which is exactly the same for every single design.</p> 	<p>One of the key requirements of a <span class="caps">CSS</span> to be accepted to <span class="caps">CSS</span> Zen Garden is that it has to work on &#8220;most&#8221; browsers, which of course includes Internet Explorer. The nice thing about that requirement is that the <span class="caps">CSS</span> files are thus compatible with most renderers (MSIE, Gecko and <span class="caps">KHTML</span> are the biggest right now, Opera usually also works); create your site in the same structure, and you&#8217;ll already have a mostly working version!</p> 	<p>This is what I did with de site for <a href="http://www.deschijvenaer.nl/">Mini-Camping de Schijvenaer</a> which works in all browsers, except for the image of the Schijvenaer. This is a little extra for non-IE users&#8230;</p>