---
layout: post
title: "Migration successful"
date: 2007-05-22 08:40:51 +0200
---
<p>Over the weekend, I have transferred the web site from <a href="http://abraracourcix.luon.net/">Abraracourcix</a> to <a href="http://sunny.luon.net/">Sunny</a>. I&#8217;m in the process of slowly phasing out Abraracourcix&#8217; services, eventually moving the hard disk into Sunny and then put it to a well deserved sleep.</p> 	<p>My own mail setup has been moved to Sunny already, the other accounts will follow somewhere in the next few weeks.</p> 	<p>The web server changed from <a href="http://httpd.apache.org/">Apache</a> to <a href="http://lighttpd.net/">lighttpd</a> and so far, I&#8217;m pretty satisfied with it. Configuration is a breeze, it responds quickly, logs are in the <a href="http://www.w3.org/Daemon/User/Config/Logging.html#common-logfile-format">common logfile format</a> so the <a href="http://sunny.luon.net/webalizer/">local Webalizer statistics</a> also still work, there&#8217;s an <a href="http://oss.oetiker.ch/rrdtool/">RRDtool</a> plugin which makes it pretty easy to construct <a href="http://sunny.luon.net/lighttpd-rrd/">graphs of the web traffic</a> (also per virtual host or even for specific directories).</p> 	<p>Abraracourcix has been my personal server for more than 7 years. It was a router for the internet connection at my parents&#8217; home and before that it used to be my desktop. In 2003, operations moved to Spacelabs where it became the main web and e-mail server for the luijten.org domain, serving up all static web content and doing <span class="caps">SMTP</span> and <span class="caps">IMAP</span>. <br /> Especially the latter service is very heavy for this Pentium 166 with only 48 <span class="caps">MB RAM</span>, so it had to go off the machine.</p> 	<p>Sunny is a <a href="http://sunsolve.sun.com/handbook_pub/Systems/U5/U5.html">Sun Ultra 5</a> desktop machine with a UltraSparc IIi at 360 MHz and 256 <span class="caps">MB RAM</span>, which should be able to hold up the load a bit longer. I got this somewhere in 2005 from <a href="http://www.uvt.nl/">Tilburg University</a> who were dumping their old hardware.</p>