---
layout: post
title: "Study"
date: 2005-10-22 09:37:31 +0200
---
This page contains links to various study related topics, internally and externally. The codes between parentheses are the "course codes":http://owinfo.tue.nl/ used at TU Eindhoven.

h2. Unpublished papers

h3. Concepts of Programming Languages

For the course of Concepts of Programming Languages (2M240), we had to write a paper on the delegate as introduced by Microsoft in their version of Java, Visual J++, and in the C# language.

Delegates are the object oriented equivalent of function pointers as they are known from programming languages like C. Their introduction lead to discussions whether they were a good thing or not. Especially Sun, who were advised already in 1996 by Borland <em>not</em> to implement delegates in Java, due to bad experiences with trying the same in Delphi.

The <a href="http://luijten.org/files/papers/concepts%20of%20programming%20languages%20-%20C%20Sharp%20delegates.pdf">full paper</a> can be downloaded here. It was graded with an 8.

h3. Information Security

Among the assignments for the course of Information Security (2IF30) were two papers; an essay and a case study.

The subject of the essay is &#8220;firewalls and intrusion detection&#8221;. It is in my view a very bad essay, but nonetheless it was graded 7. The <a href="http://luijten.org/files/papers/information%20security%20-%20firewalls%20and%20intrusion%20detection.pdf">full essay</a> can be downloaded here.

The subject of the case study is &#8220;the Royal Dodge Airlines&#8217; <span class="caps">RFID</span> programme&#8221;. The <span class="caps">RDA</span> wants to implement a customer relationship programme with the use of <span class="caps">RFID</span> chips to identify them. This paper studies the different ways of implementing, along with their (dis)advantages. The <a href="http://luijten.org/files/papers/information%20security%20-%20royal%20dodge%20airlines%20rfid%20case%20study.pdf">full case study</a> can be downloaded here. It was graded 8.

h3.  Parallel Programming

A very interesting assignment we got for the course of Parallel Programming (2IN10). Apart from the normal assignment to do some grain-size experiment on a <span class="caps">LAM</span>/MPI cluster, we were to create our own cluster. Very motivated, we jumped on the assignment and within no time we got our own cluster running, with 4 machines at Spacelabs, one at Bas&#8217; home.

The <a href="http://luijten.org/files/papers/parallel%20programming%20-%20assignment%20report.pdf">full report</a> can be downloaded here. It was graded 10 for our engineering spirit.

h3. Immersion and Presence in Virtual Environments

For the course of Interactive Virtual Environments (2IV50) the examination was based upon a literature study concerning the two terms &#8220;immersion&#8221; and &#8220;presence&#8221;. Two terms with apparantly clear meaning, but with a great discussion around their definitions.

The paper mainly deals with two measures of presence and immersion and summarizes a few more.

The <a href="http://luijten.org/files/papers/interactive%20virtual%20environments%20-%20immersion%20and%20presence.pdf">paper</a> can be downloaded here.

h3. Advanced Algorithms

For the course of <a href="http://www.win.tue.nl/~speckman/2IL40.html" title="2IL40">Advanced Algorithms</a> the examination was partly based upon a literature study concerning the term &#8220;Fixed-Parameter Tractability&#8221;.

The <a href="http://luijten.org/files/papers/advanced%20algorithms%20-%20fixed-parameter%20tractability.pdf">paper</a> can be downloaded here.

h3. Geometric Algorithms

For the course of <a href="http://www.win.tue.nl/~speckman/2I240.html" title="2IL20">Geometric Algorithms</a> the examination was partly based upon a literature study concerning the term &#8220;Construction Sequences&#8221;.

The <a href="http://luijten.org/files/papers/geometric%20algorithms%20-%20construction%20sequences.pdf">paper</a> can be downloaded here.

h2. Software

* "Feeding Frenzy":http://ffrenzy.luon.net/ - a game for OGO(Ontwerp Gericht Onderwijs: Design Oriented Education) 2.3 (2R680)
* GOAT - Goal-based Object-oriented Adaptive Teacher for the course of Intelligent Systems (2II40)
* Trains - a model railroad web control system for Software Engineering Project (2IP40)
* Ambient Earth - an ambient semantic web monitor, internship at Reykjavík University (2IM00)
* "Vökvar":https://github.com/islandsvinur/vokvar - a fluids simulation visualization application for Visualization (2IV40)

