---
layout: post
title: "News from the skating rink"
date: 2007-01-31 22:01:11 +0100
---
<p>Since well over a year now I&#8217;ve <a href="http://idefix.local/personal/sports/began-speed-skating.html">been speed skating regularly</a>, so maybe it is time for an update on the state of affairs up until now.</p> 	<p>Last week, I got promoted to a higher training group, moving up from the D to the C group. This year, <a href="http://www.essvisis.nl/">Isis</a> got only a few new members, so there was no direct need of an E group where I was in last year and I started in D right away when I came back from Iceland. So basically, this is my second promotion in one year :)</p> 	<p>The groups differ mainly in the balance of technique and endurance exercises. Last wednesday was my first traning in my new group and we started right away with a warming up of 8 rounds &#8220;full speed&#8221; (which in this case means at about 70% of your power), 2 rounds rest, 8 rounds full, 2 rest, 6 full, 2 rest and another 6 full. In the D group, we hadn&#8217;t done anything more than 6 at all&#8230; Ouch.</p> 	<p>Another change from the lower groups is that you are supposed to take on at least one partner to ride along with and to learn from eachother. In D group, you usually did your exercises on your own.</p> 	<p>So far on the news <em>on</em> the ice, along the track I wanted to do something back for the association, so I decided to do some work for the Crisis, the monthly newspaper.</p> 	<p>And someone must have seen my Iceland pictures, because he asked me whether I would be interested in joining the photo commission. This would mean I get <a href="http://www.essvisis.nl/nieuw/fotos/fotos.php">photo gallery</a> upload access at the Isis website and occasionally take pictures at activities of the club.</p>